.. _product_desc:

Product Description
===================

The MYNT Depth utilizes the camera and the motion sensor to provide
visually accurate SLAM results with higher precision, lower cost,
simpler layout, along with the ability to achieve face and object
recognition. The concept of combining binocular and IMU is the
leading-edge technology in the current SLAM industry.The depth version
of the product has a built-in depth calculation chip that can output
depth images without the host computer. At the same time, the product is
equipped with leading hardware solutions such as IR active light, IMU
six-axis, hardware-level frame synchronization, global shutter, etc., up
to 720p/60fps (120°FOV version) of synchronous image information, the
recognition distance can reach 15m (50 °FOV version), accuracy up to
millimeters (50° FOV version).

Using camera techniques such as frame synchronization, automatic
exposure, and white balance control, the MYNT EYE Depth can produce
synchronized image sources with high-precision, which decreases the
difficulty of algorithms development, thus increasing efficiency. The
Depth comes with six-axis sensor(IMU) and an infrared active light
detector (IR). Among them, the six-axis sensor(IMU) can provide
complementarity and correction of data from the visual positioning
algorithms, and is suitable for visual inertial odometry(VIO) algorithms
research to help improve the positioning accuracy. The infrared active
light detector (IR) can help solve the problem of identification of
objects such as indoor white walls and non-textured objects, as well as
enhance the accuracy of image source recognition.The Binocular+IMU
scheme provides accurate six-axis complementary data for VSLAM
applications and is more accurate and robust than other single
solutions. In addition, MYNT EYE Depth also provides a rich SDK
interface and VSLAM open source project support, which can help
customers quickly integrate solutions, accelerate product development
process, and achieve rapid productization and implementation.

As a hardware product for in-depth research and development of stereo
vision computing applications, MYNT EYE Depth can be widely used in the
field of visual positioning navigation (vSLAM), including visual
real-time positioning navigation system of driverless vehicle and
robots, visual positioning system of UAV, obstacle avoidance navigation
system for driverless Vehicle, Augmented Reality (AR), Virtual Reality
(VR), etc. At the same time, it can be used in field of Visual
recognition, including Stereoscopic face recognition, three-dimensional
object recognition, space motion tracking, three-dimensional gestures
and somatosensory recognition. And of course, you can use it for
measurement which includes assisted driving system (ADAS), binocular
volume calculation, industrial visual screening, etc.

In order to ensure the quality of the output data of the camera
products, we have calibrated the binocular and IMU. The product has
passed various hardware stability tests, such as high temperature and
humidity continuous work and operation, low-temperature dynamic aging,
high-temperature operation, low-temperature storage, whole-machine
thermal shock, sinusoidal vibration and random vibration tests to ensure
the stability and reliability of the product. In addition to the
research and development of products and technologies, it can also be
directly applied to mass production, accelerating the process from R&D
to productization.
